This example intends to demo User-Agent header behavior with fetch call generated by Service Worker. Demo has two components
1. https://clear-complex-shake.glitch.me/ installs forward-proxy Service Worker on the load.
```
self.addEventListener("fetch", function (event) {
  console.log("[SW] fetching..");
  event.respondWith(fetch(event.request.url));
});
```
2. Android App that, uses custom user agent, and loads this URL in a WebView.

```
final WebSettings settings = webView.getSettings();
settings.setUserAgentString("MyApp/1.0.0");
```

### Steps
1. Open App. It will load the URL & install the service worker present at `https://clear-complex-shake.glitch.me/service-worker.js`
2. Wait for `Service Worker Installed` message.
3. Observe the incoming UA printed for main document request, as well as, fetch call made by the main doc. UA was read at the server and sent along with response to be shown on the screen.
4. Reload the tab using reload button provided on the screen. This time, main document will go through SW's forward-proxy logic, where as fetch call from main doc will continue to skip SW due to custom bypass.
5. Observe the incoming UA printed for both main doc and fetch from main doc.

### Analysis
For main document request, we see that `MyApp/1.0.0` UA is sent to server only for first time which doesn't go through service worker. Second page-load that goes through service worker points to webview UA rather than overidden UA. However, this isn't the case with fetch call made on the main document (although it bypasses SW for purpose), but this fetch call always points to correct UA, where as, fetch call by service worker doesn't.